okay everybody
um what are we excited about we've got
saster Europa coming up it's June 6th to
7th in London tobacco docs and I'm here
with our core team that pop partners
with the biggest sponsors across the
world from sap to Mutiny to G2 and we
want to give you a quick Insight we are
almost out of sponsorships for sasra
Europa isn't that right David
I think we have five left five left okay
let's go through it I want to hear from
each of you David what what if folks
like a booth you know a classic Booth
with the monitor with hundreds and
hundreds and thousands of lead scans and
that classic Buzz that saster does so
well what's left what do we have left so
yeah we got we only have three gold
sponsorships left three Golds okay and
Gold's a good deal right that's why it's
called gold it's a really good deal
right it's the best deal okay and then
we got one super gold which is a
speaking session oh and then one Premier
sponsorship Platinum which also includes
the speaking session okay so three goals
so we only got five sponsorships left
that's not a lot that is it that's not a
lot that's not a lot okay so if you will
if you love to work an event there's
five slots left so reach out to the
teams uh sponsors at sasterinc.com and
one of these folks is up Kevin I
understand some of the best stuff is
also available what's left if folks want
something really great to interact with
thousands we're hoping for 4 000
Founders VCS and Executives at South
Europa in London June 6th and 7th so
Kevin what else is left I think the two
things that are top of mind for me one
is the big party sponsorship the big
party everyone's there right every
everyone everywhere
um amazing experience tons of fun but
your your branding your signage is
everywhere you could make a really cool
experience invite your VIP customers
your prospects
um like to me this is my favorite
probably the best thing we have
um but in the world of everybody wants
leads everyone's foot traffic the
registration sponsorship I don't think
there's anything better every single
person has to go through your funnel if
you're the registration sponsor right
why wouldn't you get that and you have
to do like no work this is the beauty in
2023 you get all the benefits of no work
as the registration sponsor right this
is um this is basically handing over
leads on a silver platter in my eyes I
would get that one today right yeah that
that to me is the uh the golden ticket
right yeah it goes instantly okay big
party registration what else what else
do you love that's left
um I think outside of that is probably
the coffee sponsorship because we live
off coffee at these events it keeps us
going
um it also includes tea Kevin in London
yeah
English breakfast
but you're right that is a classic one
for for especially for brand marketers
they love it right it's the brand coffee
sleeves yeah branded sleeves it's
beautiful okay those are the big ones
those are the big ones and Amelia who
really runs everything in my mind Emilia
just to finish this up I actually think
everything at Europa is cheaper than
last year because we have more people
coming to a better location there we
talk about inflation on the internet but
what about deflation what about things
where you get more this year where you
get for where you pay the same but you
get more talk about for just a second
then we'll break how do you actually get
more this year for your same dollar for
SAS Europa and for saster annual It's
actually an amazing deal isn't it oh
it's a great deal I think listen
faster's done folks that we have come to
Barcelona
we had 22.50 okay so if we have 4 000
come to Europa yeah and it's the same
price yeah someone whip out a calculator
how much cheaper is this event if the
sponsor is the same but you multiply
2200 divided by 4 000. it's like 60
cheap this is deflation
yeah yeah I think about this in terms of
a price per lead price per meeting price
per use is a good this is the best
disaster Europa and annual this year are
the best deals ever aren't they because
everything's the same price as last year
but pretty much right yeah they really
are I mean listen it's after internally
has basically eaten the inflation so
that we can deflate for our whether
you're sponsoring or attending we're
trying to keep you know everything the
same
um but more people so so yeah I think
inflation's a magical deflation your
sponsor dollar goes further in 22.3 with
your good friends your partners your
pals that's faster okay everybody thanks
for the Insight the G2 everyone's
www.sastereuropa.com or if you're not
sure how to spell it
www.sasterlondon.com they go to the same
place six to seven June the super hip
East London 4 000 Cloud professionals
coming together and pretty much all of
them are going to want to buy your
product see you then